sprint-plans/Sprint 3/sprint3.md, before:

## Sprint 3 Plan

---

### Goal:

For sprint 3 the goal will be to get the Google Cloud Vision up and running. We alson want to have a functional CRM (customer relation management). If we have time we would also like to tidy up some of the previous code and fix any possible bugs.

---

### Task Listing:

1. "As a collector I want to be able to search for art by size, price and style so that I can find the exact piece I want for my home."

   - Task 1: Push artwork meta data form Google Cloud Vision response to MongoDB: 6 points
   - Task 2: Queryng artwork resolvers to feed images and data to views: 4 points

   Total points for Story 1: 10

2. “As an artist I want to be able to organize and manage my artwork and contacts so that I can more easily follow up on my leads.”

   - Task 3: Create CRM page layout: 4 points
   - Task 4: Create forms to upload art and new contacts: 6 points
   - Task 5: Create resolvers for CRUD operations on contacts: 5 points

   Total points for Story 2: 15

3. "As a collector I want to be able to search for art on my phone as well as my desktop"

   - Task 6: Implement Search Bar styling layout for smaller screen sizes (mobile phones) 3

   Total points for Story 3: 3

4. "As a collector I want to be able to comment and follow artists artwork"

   - Task 7: Implement resolvers for liking and commenting art 4

   Total points for Story 4: 4

---

### Team Roles:

- Thomas: Developer
- Emerson: Product Owner, Developer
- Yusef: Scrum Master, Develper
- Cameron: Developer
- Farris: Developer

---

### Initial Task Assignemnt:

- Thomas: Task 6
- Emerson: Task 1, 2, 4
- Yusef: Task 3
- Cameron: Task 7
- Farris: Task 5

---

### Initial Burnup Chart: See Excel Page

---

### Intial Scrum Board: See Notion Page

---

### Scrum Times:

1. Mon 10-10:30 AM (BE 340)
2. Tues 7 - 8 PM (BE 340)
3. Wed 10-10:30 AM (TA meeting as well) (BE 340)

Commit message:

"merging gcv into dev" Updated sprint 2
Updated sprint plan

burnup chart sprint 3

Add files via upload

Added acceptance criteria

Created definition of done

del contact

update finished

merge to dev

fixed delete contact to delete from db as well. take a look at my update :(

update works

google cloud vision module in  backend

finished google cloud vision, front and back end

merged dev into gcv

added all colors with percentage

sprint-plans/Sprint 3/sprint3.md, after:

## Sprint 3 Plan

---

### Goal:

For sprint 3 the goal will be to get the Google Cloud Vision up and running. We alson want to have a functional CRM (customer relation management). If we have time we would also like to tidy up some of the previous code and fix any possible bugs.

---

### Task Listing:

1. "As a collector I want to be able to search for art by size, price and style so that I can find the exact piece I want for my home." 8 points

Acceptance Criteria:
-Google Cloud vision responds to MongoDB without failure
-Querying the artwork is responsive and does not produce errors

   - Task 1: Push artwork meta data form Google Cloud Vision response to MongoDB: 6 hours
   - Task 2: Queryng artwork resolvers to feed images and data to views: 4 hours

2. “As an artist I want to be able to organize and manage my artwork and contacts so that I can more easily follow up on my leads.” 13 points

Acceptance Criteria:
-The team agrees on the CRM page layout
-The form to upload art and contacts is responsive and uploads are sucessful
-resolvers work without errors

   - Task 3: Create CRM page layout: 4 hours
   - Task 4: Create forms to upload art and new contacts: 6 hours
   - Task 5: Create resolvers for CRUD operations on contacts: 5 hours

3. "As a collector I want to be able to search for art on my phone as well as my desktop" 3 points

Acceptance Criteria:
-Search bar collapses when a mobile phone is used
-Search bar is responsive
-Search bar does not collapse on regular screens

   - Task 6: Implement Search Bar styling layout for smaller screen sizes (mobile phones) 4 hours


4. "As a collector I want to be able to comment and follow artists artwork" 5 points

Acceptance Criteria:
-Likes and comments are saved on the backend

   - Task 7: Implement resolvers for liking and commenting art 4 hours


---

### Team Roles:

- Thomas: Developer
- Emerson: Product Owner, Developer
- Yusef: Scrum Master, Develper
- Cameron: Developer
- Farris: Developer

---

### Initial Task Assignemnt:

- Thomas: Task 6
- Emerson: Task 1, 2, 4
- Yusef: Task 3
- Cameron: Task 7
- Farris: Task 5

---

### Initial Burnup Chart: See Excel Page

---

### Intial Scrum Board: See Notion Page

---

### Scrum Times:

1. Mon 10-10:30 AM (BE 340)
2. Tues 7 - 8 PM (BE 340)
3. Wed 10-10:30 AM (TA meeting as well) (BE 340)
